In this section, we're gonna go over
on how to flash the new image that you
downloaded previously onto the SD card.
Now if you haven't done so
already, go ahead and
go back to section one and go and download
the specific rescue image you need,
whether you're on Android or Linux,
before moving onto this section.
And the most important aspect of this
section at least is having an SD card.
>> I think that's pretty vital.
>> I think so too.
So first what you want to do is
you want to get your SD card and
you want to plug it into your computer.
>> Now note, right now we're gonna
be using a Mac computer to do this.
Operation if you're on a Windows
computer you can go ahead and
use the Win32 disk imager that
we specified in section four.
So if you need a bit of a refresher on
that, go ahead and check those videos out.
>> All right so we're gonna go ahead and
dive right into the screen.
So as you can see here,
we have the terminal open.
And what you want to first do is
you want to issue the command mount
to check to see what
the name of the SD card is.
And as you can see, here, it's under
/dev/disk2s1 on /Volumes/SDCard.
>> Now, please note here that
when it says /dev/disk2s1,
the SD card itself is disc two and the
partition that's mounted currently is S1.
So essentially what we want to do
is unmount that file system and
then flash it on to
the entire disc itself.
>> So then what you want to do next
if you want to unmount the disk
is you want to issue
the command sudo umount and
then the directory or
the location of your SD card.
So, for us it's gonna be dev/disk2s1,
enter in that.
However, because our SD card
is formatted a certain way,
we have to instead use this other option.
So if the sudo umount worked for
you, and it did it successfully,
then you're good to go.
However if it did not, then you want
to issue this following command.
>> Usually this issue pops
up mostly on Mac computers,
since diskutil is a Mac utility.
So if you're actually on a Linux
computer the umount should have worked
perfectly fine.
>> So then we're now going to
enter in the diskutil unmount.
>> Perfect.
>> And as you can see it
properly unmounted, right?
And then, to double check whether or
not your SD card is still available,
what you want to do then
is enter the command mount.
And as you can see, it's no longer there.
Right?
>> Perfect.
>> What's left to do?
>> I think, are we done?
>> I think we have one more thing to do.
Right?
>> Yeah.
I think we haven't done
the most important part yet,
which is flashing the image
onto the SD card itself.
So what you want to do is you want
to issue this following command.
CD.
So sudo, or actually dd and
then you want to do.
>> Your input image.
So wherever your image is located.
So in this case,
I believe it's on your desktop.
>> Yeah.
So it'll be, oh, whoops.
It'll be on ~/Desktop and
then it'll be one /Linux\ Rescue\Image.
And from there it's on
the dragonboard410c_sdcard_rescue-40.
[LAUGH] And to continue on,
it is the db410c_sd_rescue.img.
>> Now we need to specify
our output location.
In this case, as we previously said, it's
going to be the dev/disk2, so dev/disk2s1.
>> Remember s1 is a partition.
>> Yeah.
My bad.
[LAUGH].
And next what you want to do
is you want to set the BS or-
>> I think it's the byte size.
>> Yeah, the byte size.
>> So generally how big your
packets are gonna be sent over.
>> Mm-hm.
So we're gonna go ahead and give it 2M.
So do note that if your
command doesn't work as such,
try using a lower case m instead.
And one thing I forgot to mention is that
you have to do this as a super user.
So we're gonna go ahead and add that.
>> Generally whenever you're formatting or
writing these image files,
that's a pretty big operation, or
like a very powerful operation.
>> Yeah.
>> So
you should only do it as a super user.
>> So we're gonna go ahead and
issue the command again.
And what this is now doing is
that it should be flashing
the rescue image onto your SD card.
>> This is gonna take about I'm gonna
say 20 minutes, so we're go ahead and
stop the video here.
You guys go ahead and do this.
And when your rescue image is done,
go ahead and join us in the next section.
We'll go over on how to actually
recover your dragonboard.